prompt: add page (#9377)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/windows/prompt.md

# prompt

> Change the default DOS style prompt in a command window.

> > More information: <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/administration/windows-commands/prompt>.

Reviewer: For MSFT URLs we don't specify the location, it's automatic
```suggestion
> More information: <https://learn.microsoft.com/windows-server/administration/windows-commands/prompt>.
```

> - Reset the prompt to default 'C:\>':

Reviewer: You could be placed in the `D:` unit
```suggestion
- Reset the prompt to default setting:
```

> - Reset the prompt to default 'C:\>':
> 
> `prompt`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Reset the prompt to the default `C:\>`:

`prompt`
```

Optional fix: `the default` may sound better.
Optional fix: backticks can be used instead of single quotes to be consistent with other pages.

> - Change the prompt line:
> 
> `prompt {{special_codes}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Set a specific prompt:

`prompt {{prompt}}`
```

Optional fix: `a specific` may sound better.
Optional fix: placeholder can be simplified.

> - Change the prompt to show current date first 'Thu 10/27/2022 C:\>':

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change the prompt to show current date first:
```

`prompt $D $P$G`

> - Change the prompt to show current time first '12:06:14.15 C:\>':

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change the prompt to show current time first:
```

> - Change the prompt to show current date first 'Thu 10/27/2022 C:\>':
> 
> `prompt $D $P$G`
> 
> - Change the prompt to show current time first '12:06:14.15 C:\>':
> 
> `prompt $T $P$G`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Display a date or time before directory name:

`prompt {{$D|$T}} $P$G`
```

Optional fix: two examples can be joined.

> - Change the prompt with custom text '{{custom_text}} C:\>':

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change the prompt adding a specific text first:
```

> `prompt {{custom_text}} $P$G`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`prompt {{text}} $P$G`
```

> - Change the prompt with custom text '{{custom_text}} C:\>':
> 
> `prompt {{custom_text}} $P$G`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Display a specific text before directory name:

`prompt {{text}} $P$G`
```

Almost the same issue as above.
Optional fix: placeholder can be simplified.
